Xiao Rui
Would you like to
Not sick
Is it interesting that you use Xiao Rui to deceive me back?
Mom
How could you do that?
Who told you to marry a poor man at random?
I didn't get a penny.
So you adopted me
It is for the doll ordered by the two elders.
Dear, you can get benefits together.
That's right, before you're worthless
Never get rid of the rich and the cheap
Stop for me
Is your brother important?
It's still important at your door
How good they are
If you really care so much about my brother
Just think of a way
Let that Young Master Lu
Break down this permanent cooperation agreement
So you called me back just to save you
If you are obedient and marry into the Lu family
Become Mrs. Lu Shao
Am I in such a hurry?
Let my sister make compromises for me
What do you know?
Qianyun
Did I ask you to think too much about Xiaoyu?
Now only through the Lu family
He accepts that stories are what will shock the business community
Do you need it?
I will not prove
I have the ability to take care of the stubborn group
Ok ok
I will sign the contract with Master Lu ASAP.
Sister, if you are not a sister
Just leave it alone
sister
The eldest young master is here
Brat, if you dare to break off the marriage without authorization
I can't spare you.
Datong School
Only post the marriage certificate, not the banquet.
What kind of poor man did you download?
Grandpa, don't get excited
Your granddaughter-in-law is so beautiful
Don't mess around here
My husband doesn't know
What are you doing here?